feat(react-native): improve manual sourcemaps docs (#3305)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/react-native/manual-setup/sourcemaps.mdx

If you want to manually invoke the [react-native packager](https://github.com/facebook/metro), you can get source maps by passing `–sourcemap-output`. Then upload the generated source maps with `sentry-cli` with the command `upload-sourcemaps`.

> ## CLI interface

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configure CLI
```

> Visit [configuration guide](https://docs.sentry.io/product/cli/configuration/) to configure defaults for CLI commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure the CLI by reviewing the [configuration guide](https://docs.sentry.io/product/cli/configuration/) for CLI commands.
```

    files RELEASE_NAME \
    upload-sourcemaps \
    --dist DISTRIBUTION_NAME \

>     --url-prefix app:/// \

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   --strip-prefix /path/to/project/root
```

`url-prefix` is actually not needed but we need to keep `strip-prefix` to strip the prefix from the files.

>     --bundle index.android.bundle \
>     --bundle-sourcemap index.android.bundle.map

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  --rewrite index.android.bundle index.android.bundle.map
```
This is incorrect, as `bundle-sourcemap` expects a RAM bundle, and using it for normal source map bundles will show a warning: 
<img width="547" alt="Screen Shot 2021-03-25 at 1 49 23 AM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/30991498/112367313-5596c400-8d0c-11eb-8eb9-c0616c6ddfe4.png">
The original method of passing each file path was correct. We also should add the `--rewrite` flag for React Native sourcemaps.

Author: @jennmueng I haven't seen this warning in my experiments neither I'm using RAM bundle. Which version of CLI has this warning?

Author: I'm using  `@sentry/cli@1.63.1` and this is my command for bundle:

```
	NODE_OPTIONS=--max_old_space_size=4096 yarn react-native bundle \
		--entry-file $(BUNDLE_ENTRY_FILE) \
		--bundle-output $(BUNDLE_OUTPUT_FILE) \
		--sourcemap-output $(BUNDLE_SOURCEMAPS_OUTPUT_FILE) \
		--assets-dest $(BUNDLE_OUTPUT_FOLDER) \
		--platform $(K_PLATFORM) \
		--dev $(K_BUNDLE_DEV) \
		--reset-cache
```

Author: anyways. this seems to be working too, my current command is:

```
node_modules/@sentry/cli/bin/sentry-cli \
    releases \
    --org <org> \
    --project <project> \
    files <my release> \
    upload-sourcemaps \
    --dist <my dist> \
    --strip-prefix $(pwd) \
    --rewrite app.bundle/main.jsbundle \
     app.bundle/code.bundle.map
```

I guess main confusion was how to specify bundle and sourcemaps 🤔 and in which order

thanks!

  dist: DISTRIBUTION_NAME,
});
```

> ### Naming rules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Naming Rules
```

> Name of the file used for `--bundle-output` and `--bundle` must be set
> differently per platform:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The name of the file used for `--bundle-output` and `--bundle` must be set per platform:
```

> Name of the file used for `--bundle-output` and `--bundle` must be set
> differently per platform:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Name of the bundle files must be set differently per platform:
```

> - for ios it is `main.jsbundle`
> - for android it is `index.android.bundle`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- for iOS, the file name must be set to `main.jsbundle`
- for Android, the file name must be set to `index.android.bundle`
```

> If sourcemaps are still not recognized - check warnings for crash event, e.g.:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Troubleshooting

If source maps are still not recognized, check for warnings similar to:
```

![Missing sources warning](001-manual-sourcemaps.png)

> Combination of filename of `--bundle` and `--url-prefix` should be equal to
> the URL displayed in a warning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The combination of the filename for `--bundle` and `--url-prefix` should be equal to
the URL displayed in a warning.
```

> Combination of filename of `--bundle` and `--url-prefix` should be equal to
> the URL displayed in a warning.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The bundle filename needs to match the filename on the event (and shown on the warning) to correctly apply the source maps.
```
